Iam 160 create charmed operator (#2)
canonical/identity-platform-login-ui-operator: README.md

# Identity Platform Login UI Operator

## Description

This repository hosts the Kubernetes Python Operator for Identity Platform Login UI.
For more details, visit https://github.com/canonical/identity-platform-login-ui

## Usage

The Identity Platform Login UI Operator may be deployed using with the following commands:

```console
git clone https://github.com/canonical/identity-platform-login-ui-operator
cd identity-platform-login-ui-operator
charmcraft pack

> juju deploy ./identity-platform-login-ui_ubuntu-*.charm --resource oci-image=$(yq eval '.resources.login-ui-image.upstream-source' metadata.yaml)

Reviewer: We should point to the charmhub version of the charm in the README, not a locally built one

Author: changed to use future charmhub version

```

## Relations

### Ingress

The Identity Platform Login UI Operator offers integration with the [traefik-k8s-operator](https://github.com/canonical/traefik-k8s-operator) for ingress.

If you have a traefik deployed you can provide ingress with the following command:
```console
juju relate traefik-admin identity-platform-login-ui-operator:ingress
```

## OCI Images

> The image used by this charm is hosted on [Github](https://github.com/canonical/identity-platform-login-ui/pkgs/container/identity-platform-login-ui) and maintained by [bencekov](https://github.com/bencekov).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The image used by this charm is hosted on [Github container registry](ghcr.io/canonical/identity-platform-login-ui) and maintained by Canonical Identity Team.
```

### Security
Security issues in IAM stack can be reported through [LaunchPad](https://wiki.ubuntu.com/DebuggingSecurity#How%20to%20File). Please do not file GitHub issues about security issues.

## Contributing

Please see the [Juju SDK docs](https://juju.is/docs/sdk) for guidelines on enhancements to this charm following best practice guidelines, and [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/canonical/identity-platform-login-ui-operator) for developer guidance.

## License

> The Identity Platform Login UI is free software, distributed under the Apache Software License, version 2.0. See [LICENSE](https://github.com/canonical/kratos-operator/blob/main/LICENSE) for more information.

Reviewer: Either adapt the link to point to this project's license or completely remove the block since the license is already in the project's root directory.
